To use the eSO extension from the Google Chrome Web Store:

1. Open your Google Chrome web browser.
2. Visit the Google Chrome Web Store by entering the following URL in the address bar: https://chrome.google.com/webstore/category/extensions
3. In the search bar of the Web Store, type "eSO" and press Enter.
4. Locate the eSO extension in the search results and click on it to open the extension's details page.
5. On the extension details page, click the "Add to Chrome" button.
6. A confirmation dialog will appear. Click "Add extension" to start the download and installation process.
7. The eSO extension will be downloaded and added to your Google Chrome browser.
8. You will find the eSO extension icon near the top-right corner of your browser, usually next to the address bar.

To contribute to the code by cloning the repository from GitHub:

1. Go to the eSO GitHub repository at https://github.com/eso/app.
2. Click on the "Fork" button in the upper right corner of the repository page to create a copy of the repository under your GitHub account.
3. Once the fork is complete, navigate to your GitHub account and open the forked repository.
4. Click on the green "Code" button to reveal the repository's cloning options.
5. You can either clone the repository using HTTPS or SSH. Choose the appropriate option based on your preference and familiarity with Git.
   - HTTPS: Click on the clipboard icon to copy the HTTPS URL.
   - SSH: If you have set up SSH keys, click on the "Use SSH" button and copy the SSH URL.
6. Open a terminal or command prompt on your local machine.
7. Navigate to the directory where you want to clone the repository.
8. Run the following command, replacing [URL] with the URL you copied:
   ```
   git clone [URL]
   ```
9. Wait for the repository to be cloned onto your local machine.

Now, you can make changes to the codebase, commit your changes, and push them to your forked repository. You can then open a pull request on the original eSO repository to submit your changes for review and potential inclusion in the main codebase.

Please note that contributing to the code requires familiarity with Git and GitHub workflows. Ensure you follow the project's guidelines and collaborate effectively with the community to contribute effectively to the eSO project.